#Requirement
User Registration and Authentication:
Users should be able to create an account with their professional information, such as name, email, and password.
Users should be able to log in and log out of their accounts securely.

User Profiles:
Each user should have a profile with their professional information, such as profile picture,
headline, summary, experience, education, and skills.
Users should be able to update their profile information.

Connections:
Users should be able to send connection requests to other users.
Users should be able to accept or decline connection requests.
Users should be able to view their list of connections.

Messaging:
Users should be able to send messages to their connections.
Users should be able to view their inbox and sent messages.

Job Postings:
Employers should be able to post job listings with details such as title, description, requirements, and location.
Users should be able to view and apply for job postings.

Search Functionality:
Users should be able to search for other users, companies, and job postings based on relevant criteria.
Search results should be ranked based on relevance and user preferences.

Notifications:
Users should receive notifications for events such as connection requests, messages, and job postings.
Notifications should be delivered in real-time.
Scalability and Performance:

The system should be designed to handle a large number of concurrent users and high traffic load.
The system should be scalable and efficient in terms of resource utilization.


Entities:
User
Account
Profile
Message
ConnectionRequest
Employer
JobPosting


Enums:

Core functionalitites:
- in this particular problem the Problem statement itself contains all the core functionalities required.

critical Section:
First we code up the entire stuff then we can identify the critical sections

Happy Flow:

Brownie Points:
1) Registration and authentication: User provides email and password for login and
- name email password for registration. we can encode the password to base 64 and decode it
for better security reasons because its mentioned that it should be secure.
2) for login logout functionality we could maintain a hashmap for say user logins then it
is set true. and when user logsout it is set false. If during midway user logsout then
if must be required to login once again. Also instead of keeping the record we could simply
delete the entry when user logins. - so we add this check everywhere.
3) another way to do this is via state design pattern. But that is applicable when only one user
is interacting if multiple users are interacting in parallel then its of no use to us.

4) Searching should be done based on strategy design pattern where we are given the keyword
and searchCriteria as input and based on that crietia we make the search operation.
It can further be delegated to another service that does this for us.

5) Notification part is another interesting section of this problem. Se there is going to
be two kinds of notification system.
5.1) One-to-One: User a sends message/connection request to user b.
5.2) one-to-Many: User a posts a job and k users recieves the job posting notification.

now the first one here can be achieved via simple push notification mechanism.
for the other one We can think of it as a pub-sub system where there are different topics
that we can relate to job categories. employers pulish on these topics and all the subscribers
get the notif. since user publishes and user subscribes this can be related to mediator
design pattern. where mediator have various topics and list of various users subscribers to these individual
topics. based on the listings these topic subsxribers are triggered.


-- I want you to complete this problem bro.