1) Vending Machine: For vending machine related problems following the state design pattern is key. Ideally onlt three states
are enough. IdleState, TransactionState, DispensingState
2) Inventory Management: separately making a service is the key here. Useful in ecommerce/ Vending Machine related problems
3) Strategies: Use factory + strategy pattern for this.
4) Payment Gateway:
5) Observer Pattern: whenever you are required to create some sort of notification related logic use Observer design
pattern here.
6) For a messaging type of platform you can use something similar to stack overflow. commentable, likable. etc.
7) Inventory Management: There are three scenarios to make an inventory management service. The core operation of any
inventory management service should cover is updateStock, ReStock, isAvailable.
    a. Keeping it simple. Single Map<Product, Integer> representing the available products and their quantity.
    b. Keeping it more ideal with two maps. Map<String, Product> for registered products and Map<String, Integer>
    for product and their count. here product Id acts as the key.
    c. Taking this one step further we can add List<Observers> i.e notfying various admins about the inventory
    getting out of stock and adding the restock.

8) For the case of vending machine at a time only one person is having access to it so many scenarios would be easy.
but for the case of ecommerce platforms we will be having shared access to the inventory.
hence when we two people are adding products to cart. a situation can arise that during the order processing state
we find out that the given product is out of stock. hence ideally while adding product to the cart.
we should decrease the invetory count for the given product. now if the given product stays in cart for more than 10
minutes. we clear the cart items back to inventory.

---------------
Add other common patterns here as well so that Its easier to simply remember those patterns when required.
1) Payment
2) Reservations/Booking
3) Inventory
4) Authentication
5) Gaming Interface -> Board Games
6) Notifications
6.1) Notifying admin - observer
6.2) Scheduling notification - threadpool executor. - do more rnd on how scheduled notifications work.
6.3) Notifying other people - mediator design pattern
