#Requirements
Users can post questions, answer questions, and comment on questions and answers.
Users can vote on questions and answers.
Questions should have tags associated with them.
Users can search for questions based on keywords, tags, or user profiles.
The system should assign reputation score to users based on their activity and the quality of their contributions.
The system should handle concurrent access and ensure data consistency.

------- Bonus ---------------
- User Signup// Skipping this for now as we already have alot of good things to work on here. we will try this out
on a different problem.

Happy Flow: some user posts a question, other user answers it, votes it comments on it

Entities:
1) User: id, name, reputation
2) Question, id, tags: ListString, title, body, posted by, timestamp, List<Answers>, List<Comments>, Upvotes, DownVotes,
3) Answer, id, body, question, posted by, timestamp, list<comments>, votes,
4) Comment: id, posted by, timestamp, content, votes,

-- constants file: storing upvote downvote for reputation score update.

6) Main entry Point: List<User>, List<Questions>, List<Answers>,
post question, post answer, post comment, upvote, downvote, search

Enums:

Util:
    - Id generators
    - reputation update


Core Functionalities:
1) post question
2) asnwer question
3) make comment
4) vote
5) search questions based on keywords, tags, user profile
6) assigning reputations based on activity and contributions
7) On each question asked +10, each answer+10, each upvote +2, downvote -2, comment +5
8) upvote/downvote on a given item can be done once per user. a user can either upvote/ downvote and that too with a single contribution. need to work on this as well.

Services:
    - Stackoverflow service
    - We could make a search service: Because for future enhancements we could have multiple types of searching
    profile searches, answers, tags, questions etc etc.


Critical Section:
voting, commenting, updating reputation, adding questions , answers,


Questions to ask:
    - Can there be a comment on a comment. this will lead to nested hierarchy
    - More questions on the criteria for reputation score.positive/negative scores.
    - Mentioned about user profile, what consists of a user profile -- valid question to ask.



#future improvements
- There is code duplication for upvotes, downvotes and commetns for questions and answers that could
be delegated to parent class or something.